# Week 1

## Interpolation-Based Pathline Tracing in Particle-Based Flow Visualization, 2014

### Context
 > Describe the CONTEXT of the paper. What problem does it explore? Why is exploring this problem important? Who does this problem affect? Who would benefit from reading this paper?

Traditional methods of particle tracing, that is, numerical intergeneration of an underly vector field, are frequently computationally expensive. This is especially true when it comes to particle-based flow fields which increases complexity due to their unstructured nature

### Contributions
> What are the CONTRIBUTIONS of the paper? What specifically does it present that is new and interesting?

### Structure
> Summarize the STRUCTURE of the paper. How do the authors present their ideas? What steps do they take to present their contributions and then convince you of the validity of these contributions?

### Results
> Discuss the RESULTS of the paper. What specific conclusions does it make? What advice does it give it to the target audience?


### Methods
> What are the METHODS used to come to these results? Is it a user study, a survey, an interview? Does it use statistical analyses? Do the methods make sense for the problem? Is there anything that might have been left out? What assumptions did the authors make when they chose these methods? How many people were involved in the user study or interview? Do you think the addition of more studies would help convince you that their results were meaningful?

### Technologies
> What TECHNOLOGIES does the paper explore? Does the paper make sense only in terms of specific device or technology, or would the contributions of the paper apply to multiple technologies, or even future technology?

### Figures
> Describe the FIGURES in the paper. Do they help explain the main ideas of the paper? Do any of the figures show some sort of interaction techniques? Could you redesign the figures so that they would be more useful or clear? What would the authors of the Sketching User Experiences Workbook say about them?

### Confusion
> List any words or ideas that you don’t understand or that cause CONFUSION. Look up the meaning of these words. Do the references help you make sense of technical phrases or jargon? Provide the definition of the words that’s relevant to the paper. If you can’t figure it out, what is your best guess?

### Evalute
> How would you EVALUTE the effectiveness of this paper and the research it describes? How do you think the authors could build upon or improve the contributions of the paper? Is there anything that was left out? Can you think of future research that would build upon this paper?


### Relevance
> Explain the RELEVANCE of the article toward your research interests in general and especially toward the articles that you are writing in conjunction with this class. Before the mid-point of the semester, the papers you choose should be important precursors that can be discussed in the “related work” section of your articles.

---
This aritlce is relevant to my research interests because I am interested in unstructured pathline tracing,
particularly as it relates to my DarkSky project. Pathlines, Tracelines, and other Flow type visualizations
are a technique of great interest to me at the moment. I am exploring the use of Flow and path-line
visualization techniques as it applies to unconventional data, for example Text Based visualizations, or
tracing the flow of engery through a complex biological or ecological system as those models used in in the
aformentioned domains.
